README.md, before:

[Print Waste Minimizer <img src="/global/img/pwm-icon-48.png" width="48" height="48" alt="Print Waste Minimizer">](https://printwasteminimizer.com)
=======

An extension for the Google Chrome, Opera, and other Chromium-based browsers that helps you minimize print waste, save ink & paper.


Go Green
--------

When printing return/shipping/postal labels on:

* Amazon (amazon.com)
* American Eagle (ae.com)
* eBay
* Newgistics SmartLabel
* Nordstrom
* Old Navy
* Return Saver
* UPS (ups.com)
* Zappos

### Supported URL masks:

* `*://*.amazon.com/returns/label/`
* `*://*.amazon.com/gp/rental/your-account/features/list-return-rentals/`
* `*://*.ae.com/myaccount/order-history/return-label`
* `*://*.ebay.*/rtn/*eturn/*tn*rint*hipping*abel*`
* `*://*.pb.com/images/USPS/HTMLFolders/HTML10/`
* `*://secure.nordstrom.com/*eturns*re*imple.aspx`
* `*://returnscenter.smartlabel.com/v3/*rint*eb*abel.aspx`
* `*://secure-oldnavy.gap.com/profile/returns_label*`
* `*://www.shipmentmanager.com/printweblabel.aspx`
* `*://*.returnsaver.com/returnlabel/*abel*`
* `*://www.ups.com/u.a/L.class?*`
* `*://www.zappos.com/returnLabel?*`


Print Waste Minimizer on social networks
--------

- [Print Waste Minimizer on Telegram](https://t.me/PrintWasteMinimizer)
- [Print Waste Minimizer on Twitter](https://twitter.com/PrintWasteMin)
- [Print Waste Minimizer on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/PrintWasteMinimizer)
- [Print Waste Minimizer on Google+](https://plus.google.com/+PrintWasteMinimizer)
- [Print Waste Minimizer on VK](https://vk.com/printwasteminimizer)


Credits
--------

* Print Waste Minimizer icon created by Thomas Helbig from the Noun Project.
* <sub>All trademarks mentioned belong to their owners, third party brands, product names, trade names, corporate names and company names mentioned may be trademarks of their respective owners or registered trademarks of other companies and are used for purposes of explanation and to the owner's benefit, without implying a violation of copyright law.</sub>

Commit message:

Update README (add Privacy section)

README.md, after:

[Print Waste Minimizer <img src="/global/img/pwm-icon-48.png" width="48" height="48" alt="Print Waste Minimizer">](https://printwasteminimizer.com)
=======

An extension for the Google Chrome, Opera, and other Chromium-based browsers that helps you minimize print waste, save ink & paper.


Go Green
--------

When printing return/shipping/postal labels on:

* Amazon (amazon.com)
* American Eagle (ae.com)
* eBay
* Newgistics SmartLabel
* Nordstrom
* Old Navy
* Return Saver
* UPS (ups.com)
* Zappos

### Supported URL masks:

* `*://*.amazon.com/returns/label/`
* `*://*.amazon.com/gp/rental/your-account/features/list-return-rentals/`
* `*://*.ae.com/myaccount/order-history/return-label`
* `*://*.ebay.*/rtn/*eturn/*tn*rint*hipping*abel*`
* `*://*.pb.com/images/USPS/HTMLFolders/HTML10/`
* `*://secure.nordstrom.com/*eturns*re*imple.aspx`
* `*://returnscenter.smartlabel.com/v3/*rint*eb*abel.aspx`
* `*://secure-oldnavy.gap.com/profile/returns_label*`
* `*://www.shipmentmanager.com/printweblabel.aspx`
* `*://*.returnsaver.com/returnlabel/*abel*`
* `*://www.ups.com/u.a/L.class?*`
* `*://www.zappos.com/returnLabel?*`


Privacy
--------

This extension does not read, change, store, or transmit any of your personal data (e.g., logins, passwords, messages, contacts) from any of the sites or your computer in absolutely any form.


Print Waste Minimizer on social networks
--------

- [Print Waste Minimizer on Telegram](https://t.me/PrintWasteMinimizer)
- [Print Waste Minimizer on Twitter](https://twitter.com/PrintWasteMin)
- [Print Waste Minimizer on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/PrintWasteMinimizer)
- [Print Waste Minimizer on Google+](https://plus.google.com/+PrintWasteMinimizer)
- [Print Waste Minimizer on VK](https://vk.com/printwasteminimizer)


Credits
--------

* Print Waste Minimizer icon created by Thomas Helbig from the Noun Project.
* <sub>All trademarks mentioned belong to their owners, third party brands, product names, trade names, corporate names and company names mentioned may be trademarks of their respective owners or registered trademarks of other companies and are used for purposes of explanation and to the owner's benefit, without implying a violation of copyright law.</sub>
